welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Bachelorette week 5 we start right off
with the Battle of the Luke's
remember Luke P had a huge beef with
Luke s last episode he hit him in rugby
and it started this whole thing
Hanna brings in both interest sit down
and it is as tedious and annoying as you
could imagine before the rose ceremony
even starts Lucas is like hey I'm
honestly sick of this I'm out of here
the big question of this rose ceremony
is will Luke P stick around and the
answer is yes Hanna wants to keep him
here she liked him so much at the
beginning she's got to see if that
connection still there the bigger news
of the rose ceremony though is that John
Paul Jones gets sent home know what I
almost quit the show right then and
there I guess it's fair though he's been
hilarious in the background but we have
seen literally zero scenes of him and
Hannah actually talking are I pay you
beautiful bastard this week the guys get
an upgrade from Rhode Island they're
going to Scotland awesome Hannah's first
one-on-one date is with Mike they have a
really fun time they eat some super sour
candy and then some haggis which Hannah
didn't know his sheep intestines Mike's
just a real sweet guy and yeah he's a
contender for the group date the guys
are doing the Celtic Highland Games and
the fun part is they all have to wear
kilts so while their axe throwing and
milk chugging and wrestling balls are
flopping around everywhere
it gets Hannah riled up cuz that night
she's ready for some fun she and her
favorite singer Jed start making out
hardcore this guy whose name I don't
remember is like yeah I think I'm pretty
far behind
then Peter the pilot gets a sexy make
out on the pool table
alright then Hannah throws hot Tyler C
onto the bed
Scotland really gets the juices going
it's been a fun episode so far but now
get ready for 30 minutes of annoying
emotional talk with the worst Luke P he
gets a one on one day cuz these two need
to work out their issues first problem
is that all the guys hate him and
Hannah's like I think that's a red flag
but maybe the bigger problem is that he
has no personality she's like hey open
up to me I really want to get to know
the real you and he's like um I like to
work out and I love you Hannah gives him
the most important relationship question
of all time
do you like macaroni and cheese are
spaghetti more seriously though it's
clearly mac and cheese right I didn't
even realize those two were in
competition honestly if I'm
to eat spaghetti I just cover it with
Parmesan cheese so he is basically mac
and cheese Hannah really liked him in
the early weeks he made a fantastic
first impression but yeah he just can't
follow through with any more emotional
depth so at the end of the day he does
not get the date gross if he wants to
stick around he will have to up his game
before the rose ceremony so tune in next
week for more the Bachelorette check out
my Instagram I did a totally new style
of recap over there this week I took
short clips from the episode with the
audio and it tells the whole
hour-and-a-half story in one minute